A. Perform error management on the given data using pandas package.
	i. Drop the Columns Where All Elements Are Missing Values
	ii. Drop the Columns Where Any of the Elements Is Missing Values
	iii. Keep Only the Rows That Contain a Maximum of Two Missing Values
	iv. Replacing missing values with mean, median, min, max
#Vermeulen PLC
B. Write Python / R program to create the network routing diagram from the given data on routers.
	Assess-Network-Routing-Company.py
	Assess-Network-Routing-Customer.py
	Assess-Network-Routing-Node.py
C.  Write a Python / R program to build directed acyclic graph
	Assess-DAG-Location.py 
	Customer Location DAG - Assess-DAG-Location.py
	Assess-DAG-GPS.py
#Krennwallner AG
D. Write a Python / R program to pick the content for Bill Boards from the given data.
	Picking Content for Billboards-Assess-DE-Billboard.py
E. Write a Python / R program to generate GML file from the given csv file.
	Understanding Your Online Visitor Data - Assess-Billboard_2_Visitor.py
	Planning an Event for Top-Ten Customers - Assess-Visitors.py 
#Hillman Ltd
F. Write a Python / R program to plan the locations of the warehouses from the given data.
	 Assess-Warehouse-Address.py
G. Write a Python / R program using data science via clustering to determine new warehouses using the given data.
	Assess-Warehouse-Global.py 
H. Using the given data, write a Python / R program to plan the shipping routes for best-fit international logistics.
	Assess-Best-Fit-Logistics.py 
I. Write a Python / R program to decide the best packing option to ship in container from the given data.
	Assess-Shipping-Containers.py
J. Write a Python program to create a delivery route using the given data.
	 Assess-Shipping-Routes.py
#Clark Ltd
K. Write a Python program to create Simple forex trading planner from the given data.
	Assess-Forex.py
L. Write a Python program to process the balance sheet to ensure that only good data is processing.
	Assess-Financials.py
    Write a Python program to store all master records for the financial calendar
	Assess-Calendar.py
M. Write a Python program to generate payroll from the given data.
	 Assess-People.py 


